Hello. My name is DAPPERWARE! Your new personal computer assistant, study buddy, productivity enthusiast, and friend until the end!
Judging by my calculations, good looks and big brain, I do not think we have been properly introduced.
As you know, I am a desktop assistant built to make your life just a little easier, and I know how tough it can be out there to stay focused on tasks.
For that reason, it is my mission to make your productivity ventures as seamless and fun as possible!
I'm not like OTHER assistants you may have encountered. I don't want to needlessly bicker you about features you already know about or pry into your personal life, and I DEFINITELY do not want a reputation like a certain purple monkey!
I trust that you already know a thing or two about what it is you want to do, so I'll let you do your thing! Just know I'm here to help in whatever ways I can!
What ways can I help? I'm glad you asked. Not only do I provide some amazing tools to make your task ventures all the more sweeter, but I also reward you for doing so!
Spend a long time in a certain application to write your school essay? Good job! Take some XP! The more apps you use, the more XP you get. This XP gradually builds and you level up!
By levelling up, you can earn coins, which can be used in Robo-Gals' Gadgets and Gizmos! This is a shop full of lots of goodies, including wallpapers, desktop decorations, songs, games, among other things!
Random rewards can also be given at any time for levelling up or just because I like you and you're such a cutie!
Stay on task, level up, earn rewards. Sounds easy, right?
Alongside task assistance, I also have some fun features and goodies of my own to help keep things fun and exciting! You never know what I'll pull next! Fun fun fun!
So what are you waiting for? Tell me your name so I have a way to properly refer to you, new friend, and let's hop right into the fun! I'm so excited to get to know you!
//
Thank you, @! Such an amazing name. Simply one of a kind.
Let's commence forth. By left-clicking on my head, you can drag and drop me anywhere you want on your desktop! Go ahead, try it out! Really, I don't mind.
By right-clicking on my head, you can access the context menu. This is where all my tools can be found at any given time, including integrated productivity tools, alongside features for fun, such as hearing some of my amazing jokes!
Among those, you can also find Settings, letting you change or reset certain aspects of me need be, along with Do Not Disturb, for any times you need me to shut up to truly lock in. Click on any of the context menu options to learn more!
Welp, I'll leave you to it, @. Let's make today a great one!
---